we start the movie with zoe and her
father todd are hunting
zoe is learning how to hunt and her
father is explaining to her how to
handle a rifle
they are having breakfast but she is
having difficulties processing her
mother's death so she often imagines and
talks to her
lewis enters the house to hurry zoey up
and save her from her dad's preach
the local bullies insult them and push
them off the road the car struggles to
start and they spot one of their
schoolmates setting up a device on a
field
they don't think much of it as it is
senior prank day so they write it off as
a preparation for a prank
lewis asks zoey if she goes to her
locker or not but she says she is going
to check it before lunch as she is
already late from class
she attends match than chemistry class
she then goes to her locker and sees
that lewis asked her to prom
the device planted before blows up
creating fire on the field
kip leaves a bag at the reception just
before lunch break begins
lewis and zoe talk about the prom
invitation but zoe refuses it
lewis accidentally spills his drink on
her so zoe has to go to the bathroom to
clean herself
meanwhile a wooden shack explodes a girl
leaves the bathroom in a hurry and bumps
into zoe
zoe checks the toilet and removes the
sealing panel we see that a guns mark
is left in the dust jennifer her late
mother is talking to her again about the
anger issue she's having lately
a van rams into the building and three
of their schoolmates enter the cafeteria
they shoot three students and tristan
stabs the pe teacher one
injured student enters the bathroom but
dies in zoe's hands
tristan gives a speech about him being
in charge and confronts one of his bully
as he tries to talk to him chris shoots
him as well
zoe runs and hides just before kip
enters the bathroom
tristan tells a girl to call her mother
and tell her what is happening
then he asks everyone to do the same and
call whoever they want and tell them
whatever they want
lewis leaves a message to his mom when
zoe falls down in the kitchen as the
ceiling panel breaks under her
chris goes there to check who made the
noise she is hiding under a counter with
a lunch lady when the lady decides to
sacrifice herself to save zoe
the town's police and fire department is
busy with all the fires around the town
so they are slower than usual to react
to the calls
tristan calls the reception of the
school and tells the lady that they
occupied the lunch hall
anna the fourth shooter cuts the wires
in the custodian room
tristan asks everyone to grab their
phones and live stream the events on any
social media they're on
zoe escapes the building and warns other
students about what happened inside
tristan tells the live stream viewers
that if any social media platform shuts
down the stream
he is going to kill even more students
the vice principal enters the hall and
tries to talk with tristan
he is trying to make tristan quit his
plans but tristan thinks he was unfair
with him and wasn't caring that much
about him before
he orders chris to kill the principal
chris then spares the school guard's
life as he isn't important enough
cora and zoe are trying to warn students
but they think it is just a prank and
nothing serious
tristan asks who has the most viewers in
lewis has more than one thousand
so he invites him to be his main
cameraman zoe
breaks a window and manages to evacuate
a classroom of students
andrew is streaming when he notices the
van they came with is full of explosives
zoe switches the fire alarm and the
teachers start emptying their classroom
anna turns off the fire alarm system so
the teachers think it was only a prank
and order the students back to their
classrooms
sheriff tarcy is struggling to get to
the school and tells his colleagues to
only go in if it is an active shooting
situation
if it is a hostage situation they should
try and negotiate with the shooters
anna then turns of the electricity zoe
runs around and tries to warn as many
students as possible
she slips because someone spilled oil on
the floor the reception makes the
announcement about the lockdown when the
bag kipp left their earlier blows up
tristan checks the news and gets
frustrated when the channels are sending
reporters instead of putting his stream
on tv
zoe is looking for a phone when anna
checks the scene she lays down next to
the corpse and pretends she's dead
anna records trampling on her hand but
she manages to hide her pain and anna
walks away
kip notifies tristan about a tv channel
warning the audience about graphic
content meaning they might air the live
stream
zoe tries to tell one of the teachers to
break the windows and escape
as the lockdown was planned and the
shooters wanted to keep everyone in
their place
as she tries to convince the teacher
anna shoots her on the leg from a
distance
she opens her locker and uses it as a
shield tristan enters a classroom
ms nunez tries to talk him down but
tristan humiliates her and makes her
take off her clothes
zoe escapes to a room filled with
balloons anna enters and tries to shoot
her down but zoe manages to turn the gun
and shoot her in the head tristan is
about to kill the naked ms nunez
when lewis tells him the viewers are
interested in him and they are asking
questions
tristan is a narcissist so he can't
resist it and shifts his attention to
the viewers
zoe checks anna's body and takes her
keys the gun is empty as she killed anna
with the last bullet
she also takes her phone so from now on
she can hear what the shooters are
communicating
the cops make a visit to tristian's
mother but they find out she already
killed herself while watching the
shooting live
todd is gutting the deer zoe shot
earlier when he hears the news about the
shooting
chris hears the news about police
equipping for assault so he starts
shooting at the cops outside
tristan orders everyone from the
classroom to the cafeteria
chris is having hallucinations but
tristan calms him down
kip shoots another door zoe is about to
attack him from behind when anna's phone
turns on and kip notices it
she runs away but kip is behind her kip
finds anna's body and slips on the oil
zoe takes a fire extinguisher and hits
him on the head she handcuffs him to a
chair and she starts hallucinating about
her mother again
kip wakes up and tells her tristan
called this a reckoning
he tries to justify what he did with
telling her how people bullied him but
zoe has none of it
she shuts him down and tries to awake
his remorse by telling him how that
innocent girl died in her arms this
morning
she leaves him there after taking his
shells for the shotgun todd arrives at
the scene while zoe finds a group of
students
zoe calls the sheriff and warns him
about the group exiting the building
tarcy asks the reporter to not show the
school on camera as the shooters are
watching it live from inside
he says he is about to call tristian and
talk with him so air that instead
zoe orders the others out but mrs
crawford stays with her to rescue more
students
tarcy and tristian is on the phone he
shares how much of an edge lord he is
and how society ruined everything
the news show a student that just
escaped and chris notices it
thanks to the news tristian realizes the
phone call was just a distraction to
rescue the students so he hangs up
tristian calls anna and kip again but
zoe answers
she tells him she killed anna and
captured kip tristian shoots one of the
students and tells her every five
minutes
someone will die until she shows up at
the hall todd is watching it live when
he decides to take his sniper rifle and
look for a spot
zoe goes back to kip and convinces him
to redeem himself and do something good
before it ends
she unlocks his handcuffs and hands him
the gun todd finds a spot and assembles
his rifle
zoe enters the cafeteria hall unarmed
but tristian laughs about her being the
savior
tristian and zoe argue about the meaning
of all this
kip enters the room and threatens them
but chris shoots him
zoe and lewis manages to escape but
lewis got shot and can't go further
she puts him down to a couch and kisses
him when lewis tells her there are
explosives in the van
todd repositions with his rifle zoe
opens the hydrogen taps in the chemistry
lab
she ignites it to scare chris chris goes
on about his hallucinations and make up
stories when zoe throws acid on his face
he drops his gun but manages to throw
zoe into a cabinet
he is about to shoot zoe when todd takes
a shot and kills chris
the swat team arrests todd tristian
calls chris and gets frustrated when he
isn't answering
zoe sends a picture of his body to him
and taunts him as she walks back to the
hall
tristan takes a bucket out of the van
and orders a student to bring it with
him
they walk down the corridor when zoe
spots them from behind
she heads back to the cafeteria hall and
orders the remaining students to leave
she checks the van and sees that only 44
seconds left until the explosion so she
drives the van outside where it blows up
without harming anyone
the swat group begin their assault and
about to arrest zoe when someone blows
up behind them
the officer puts zip ties on her hands
and she starts crying as her mother
walks away
sheriff tarcy expresses his gratitude
towards her and she asks him a favor in
return
she asked him to let her talk to her dad
as she is sharing a moment with todd
she sees tristian fleeing the scene in
disguise
she asks her dad where his rifle is and
he tells her it is where he left it
she grabs it and chases after tristan he
grabs a box from under a bridge with
money
keys and a passport in it zoe aims her
rifle at him and takes her shot
she taunts him one more time and repeats
her dad's words when they were hunting
she leaves him there as he suffocates in
his own blood
you